When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	Remote repositories will help with multiple issues:
		a)	Multiple collaborators working on a single project. The repo serves as a
			collection point for the combined file set.
		b)	Backups - by setting up a remote, it's easy to push the commits up to the
			remote, which serve as a backup if something happened to the local machine.
		c)	Sharing - github makes it easy to share a project with others either for
			viewing or for collaborative editing
		d)	Code retrieval - remote repos are easy to clone and pull down to your local
			machine so you can see the code someone else wrote, alter it and compile your
			own version, or just run it.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	You'd want to stay in control of your code base locally and if Git tried to keep things 
	up to date manually, you could spend all of your time resolving conflicts potentially,
	etc. Also, it would generate a lot of network traffic and could slow things down if 
	it's a big project with lots of collaborators.

	For the same reasons you want to control local commits and git, you'd want to control
	remotes. Also, it's possible to have more than one remote, so git could get confused
	about which remote it should stay in sync with.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Forks make a copy of an existing Github repo to your personal Github account. The copy
	includes all the commits of the original repo but allows you to make changes going forward.
	Forks are not a git command, but rather are specific to GitHUB.

	Clone is a git command that allows git to make a copy of a remote repo to the local 
	machine. It also sets up a remote for the clone so that after you make changes and
	commit those changes, you can just type git push and push the changes back up to the remote
	that you originally cloned from.

	Branch is a git command that is sort of like fork but on your own repo. It creates a new
	git "chain" starting with the node in the commit list that you were at when you issued
	the branch command.

