What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	It sets up Git to start tracking changes in the directory (and
	all subdirectories) that you issue the init command in. You need
	to do it so Git knows where to start (directory-wise) file change
	tracking.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The working directory is the most current version of the files with
	the last saved version in the working directory.

	The staging area contains a copy of the file at the time you chose to
	add it for tracking.

	The repositry contains a copy of the files that have been stored
	as a commit. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	By using git add to add only a single file (or group of related files),
	you can control what gets added in a given commit. Add only those files
	that belong to a logical change and the commit them. Repeat this process
	with other files if more than one logical change was made (which should not
	be the case!)

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	When trying an experimental idea or feature, creating a branch and then working
	on the branch is a good way to test. If it works, you can merge the branch back
	to the master, and if it fails, you can just switch back to master (and even
	delete the experimental branch if you want).

	In the interview, the guy talked about how he uses branches heavily to compartmentalize
	his work, which allows him to work on modules, features, or experiments as an
	individual unit.

	He can then use branches to switch contexts and work on some other aspect of the project
	or even to go work on some other aspect if he just gets bored with what he's working
	on in the moment.

	The Master branch should always contain production code - the best quality code. All
	work-in-progress should be on branches which end up getting merged back into the
	Master branch when completed.

	In a collaborative environment, branches can be used to allow individuals to work on
	their part of a project without holding the entire project in their hands. The branching
	allows each collaborator to work on their part without having to worry about stuff
	others are working on. As the work is completed, each collaborator merges their branch
	back into the Master and thus combines their work back into the larger project.

	If after working down a branch (in particular a bug-fix branch), you decide that the branch
	is good and should be the new master, you can switch the master to point to the tip of
	said branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams really helped me understand how Git keeps track of things using the notion
	of a commit having a parent. To both create and checkout a branch in one step, use
	git checkout -b new_branch_name. This is the same as doing these two commands:
	git branch new_branch_name
	git checkout new_branch_name

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

       Merging does essentially a line-by-line comparison of all the changes since the branches had
       a common file base. It creates an updated Master branch that has two parents: the tips of both
       of the prior branches. It is for this reason that the node is depicted the way it is in the videos.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

       The pros of the automatic merge is that it can resolve all of the straight-forward changes by
       itself without intervention - that's much faster than having to manually merge every time. The
       con is that the process to understand the differences that two different people have made is
       a bit complicated in the way that Git marks the changes.


